Translation corrections (#473)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_019.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#797d8a>赤坂</color>", NULL, "<color=#797d8a>Akasaka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 13, "ps3/s14/13/221300074", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…ただ、最初にお断りしておきますが、第７室のこの調査はすでに中断され、私たちはその任を解かれています。",

> 			NULL, "\"...But, let me point out that the Seventh Reference Room's investigation was officially suspended and we were released from our task.", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...But, let me point out that the Seventh Reference Room's investigation was officially suspended and we were relieved of our duties.", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));
```

			NULL, " We'll move Satoko to Mion's basement, too. Wouldn't it be nice for the two of you to stay together?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/220100073", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　そうですよね、監督？」",

> 			NULL, " Isn't that right, Coach?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " What do you say, Coach?\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#5ec69a>詩音</color>", NULL, "<color=#5ec69a>Shion</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 6, "ps3/s14/06/220600008", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「あなたに…聞きたいことがあります」",

> 			NULL, "\"There's something... I need to ask you.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"There's... something I need to ask you.\"", Line_Normal);
```
